Direct users to milli for the core library in the README (#1520)
meilisearch/MeiliSearch: README.md

Hey! We're glad you're thinking about contributing to MeiliSearch! However, we are currently working on a huge refactor and accepting PRs on this repository wouldn't be productive. We are sorry about this! Be sure we are doing our best so that you can contribute to MeiliSearch again as soon as possible ❤️

> ## Core library
> 
> This repository does not contain MeiliSearch's indexing and searching code. For that, see [the milli repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli), which serves as the core for MeiliSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code base

To perform search and indexation, MeiliSearch uses [the `milli` library](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli), present in another repository. This library only works for one index. <br>
The MeiliSearch code base available in this repository manages multiple indexes handling, the update store, and the HTTP API.

Also, the tokenization is handled by [the`tokenizer` library](https://github.com/meilisearch/tokenizer/).
```

Reviewer: WDYT @Kerollmops and @guimachiavelli? 😇

Reviewer 2: > and the HTTP API.

+ serve a pretty HTTP Dashboard API?

Hey! We're glad you're thinking about contributing to MeiliSearch! However, we are currently working on a huge refactor and accepting PRs on this repository wouldn't be productive. We are sorry about this! Be sure we are doing our best so that you can contribute to MeiliSearch again as soon as possible ❤️

> ## Code base
> 
> To perform search and indexation, MeiliSearch uses [the `milli` library](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli), present in another repository. This library only works for one index. <br>
> The MeiliSearch code base available in this repository manages multiple indexes handling, the update store, the HTTP API, and serves a pretty HTTP dashboard.
> 
> Also, the tokenization is handled by [the `tokenizer` library](https://github.com/meilisearch/tokenizer/).
> 

Reviewer 3: What do you think about this? I want to focus first on what this specific repository is for before linking to the other bits that people might be interested in.

```suggestion
## Core engine and tokenizer

The code in this repository is only concerned with managing multiple indexes, handling the update store, and exposing an HTTP API.

Search and indexation are the domain of our core engine, [`milli`](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli), while tokenization is handled by [our `tokenizer` library](https://github.com/meilisearch/tokenizer/).
```
